Build an app that is a guessing game app that many people can play. The app needs to allow an administrator to manage the game, and allow players to register to play for each game that is setup by the administrator. Players and administrators need to be able to register with a username and password.

The administrator will need to setup the game, by entering in all the questions, their point values, and all the answers that players can choose from in a pull down menu. 

The app will allow the administrator to input questions into the app for all players to guess. All players will guess the same questions.

The app will allow the administrator to input the same questions, or different questions every week.

Each question will be assigned a point value by the administrator if a player guesses correctly in the app.

The app will allow the administrator to identify the correct answers after the players have made their choices, and the app will then calculate all players who guess each question correctly and track their points on a leaderboard.

The leaderboard should show all players playing, and how many points they have received from correct guesses each week. 

The game layout is as follows:

After a player registers they will answer the following questions immediately and the answers will come from a pull down menu of the list of names the Administrator entered into the app at the start of the game and the administrator will choose the question point values for the following questions:

Who is your first choice to win Survivor?
Who is your second choice to win Survivor?

After player makes their choices, they click a button that says "Save" and their choices are now saved in the system. These first 2 questions will be answered at the very end of the game. 

Players are then taken to a section of the app called "Weekly Guesses".

The weekly guesses section will have 15 different pages of questions. All questions and their point values for each week are entered into the app by the administrator.

The player will only be able to see the first page of questions which will be titled "Week 1".

Players can change their answers if they want.

These are the next steps that happen in order:

1. Once the administrator enters the correct answers, the app will calculate the correct answers for each player, and add their point total to the leaderboard next to their name.

2. Once the administrator enters the correct answers, players will not be able to change their answers for week 1.

3. Once the administrator enters the correct answers, players will now be able to see week 2 questions and answer them.

The app will then repeat the same steps with week 2, as it did with week 1.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 3, as it did with week 2.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 4, as it did with week 3.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 5, as it did with week 4.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 6, as it did with week 5.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 7, as it did with week 6.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 8, as it did with week 7.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 9, as it did with week 8.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 10, as it did with week 9.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 11, as it did with week 10.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 12, as it did with week 11.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 13, as it did with week 12.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 14, as it did with week 13.
The app will then repeat the same steps with week 15, as it did with week 14.

Once the administrator enters the answers for the following questions:

Who is your first choice to win Survivor?
Who is your second choice to win Survivor?

The points are added to all players who got either one of these questions right to the leaderboard. 

The game is now over, and whoever is in the top of the leaderboard wins.